Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What day or time in your life would you like to relive?
What is the most valuable lesson you’ve learned?
What is the most exciting thing you’ve done or experienced?
What are you most thankful for?
What is your favorite topic to talk about?
When when the last time you had a real belly laugh?
What personal achievement are you most proud of?
Which good quality or talent have you underused lately?
What is your favorite time of day?
What can cause you to lie awake at night?
What is the nicest compliment you've ever received?
Where would you like to go again on vacation?
What will you congratulate yourself on in a year’s time?
What would you do next year if money was no object?
If you had the world’s attention for fifteen seconds, what would you do or say?
You have six months without the usual obligations (such as work, family responsibilities, and social obligations), after which you can return to your “old life.” What would you do during this time?
Next year, when you look at the pictures you’ve taken, what will they show?
What are you looking forward to in the coming year?
What are you going to do this year that nobody expects you to do?
If we planned a vacation together, where would you want to go and what would we do?
What’s the biggest lie you ever told?
Have you ever given up on a dream?
What’s the best advice you ever received? How about the worst?
How do you feel about growing older?
What would you be willing to give up or sacrifice to achieve your dreams?
How has your relationship with your parents changed over the years?
What’s your happiest moment?
What would you do this month if you didn’t have anyone around to take care of or take into account?
What have you not yet achieved this year? What would you like to achieve?
What three things give you the most energy?
What keeps you awake at night?
What are your two best qualities?
What do you consider the best decision of your life?
Who or what surprised you the most over the last year?
Who or what inspires you?
What is your biggest wish for the coming year?
What are you most thankful for?
In which area(s) do you want to grow?
When you look back next year at the photos you’ve taken, what do you want to see?
How will you indulge yourself in the coming year?
